assorted code updates and f string migrations (#12017)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/12017.improvement.rst

> * migrate formatting tests to fstrings

Reviewer: This does not feel like an improvement as seen by users, but an internal/trivial change. I would even consider not adding a changelog at all, but up to you. 👍

> * migrate formatting tests to fstrings
> * use typesafe constructs in the junitxml tests
> * separate mocktiming into ``_pytest.timing``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mixed internal improvements:

* Migrate formatting to f-strings in some tests.
* Use type-safe constructs in JUnitXML tests.
* Moved`` MockTiming`` into ``_pytest.timing``.
```
